---
layout:     post
title:      Dynamical structure factor of the triangular antiferromagnet: the Schwinger boson theory beyond the mean field approach
subtitle:   E. A. Ghioldi, M. G. Gonzalez, Shang-Shun Zhang, Yoshitomo Kamiya, L. O. Manuel, A. E. Trumper and C. D. Batista
date:       2020-05-04
author:     htscruc
header-img: img/pic.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - quantum magnetism
---

The author calculated the dynamical spin structure factor of the TLHAF using the Schwinger Boson theory with part of the 1/N correction from gauge fluctuation. It is found that Schwinger Boson theory at the mean field level can not describe consistently the collective spin fluctuation of the system in the symmetry broken phase. For example, it predicts a magnon mode with a spurious quadratic dispersion around the K point. Such a spurious mode comes form the inconsistent treatment of the density flucutation at the mean field level. It is found that such a mode disappear when one include the 1/N correction from the gauge fluctuation in the symmetry broken phase(In the symmetry broken phase, the spin fluctuation is coupled to the gauge fluctuation). The pole of the gauge fluctuation propagator is interpreted as the magnon mode. In a later preprint(1905.10689), the author showed that the prediction of the LSWT can be recovered from such 1/N treatment in the large-S limit. However, as we will show later, the spinon condensation can not describe consistently the symmetry broken phase of the TLHAF. Thus, the formulation developed in the above paper can not describe consistently the collective spin fluctuation of the TLHAF. 

arXiv link: [1802.06878](https://arxiv.org/abs/1802.06878v4), [1905.10689](https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.10689v3)




